Add message back to assessment steps (#80)
CloudVLab/qwiklabs-content-bundle-spec: lab-bundle-spec.md

          # Check for bucket
          found_bucket = ...
          unless found_bucket

>             return { score: 0, message: 'bucket_missing', student_message: 'bucket_missing' }

Reviewer: in the examples here and below we should not have the `message` match the `student_message` and look like a localization key

Author: What should it look like? `message` does have access to the localization key's message.

Reviewer: i am fine going either way. we should either have them be strings that make sense as log messages, or keys that point to log-specific sets of messages. either way we probably want to document in the description of the field how it works.

Author: [Updated Spec PR](https://github.com/CloudVLab/qwiklabs-content-bundle-spec/pull/81)

The method `check` should return a single hash with:
- `:score`: the number of points the student earned.

> - `:message`: a message for only the lab creator to see when testing each assessment step within the Startup Lab Environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `:message`: a message for only the lab creator to see when debugging each assessment step.
```
